You don't understand the ball when you look at it
Take a woman to brag, bro
The clothes you're wearing are torn and there's no money
Go home now, oops
I have money, how much do you say tonight?
I'll take it all.
Today's events are a bit far away, which is 16 times.
But we're not a piece of junk
Brother, let's go
Boss, you misunderstood.
I don't have any junk in here
It's all money
You told me it was full of money
Take me for a fool.
Hahahaha brother, hurry up and go.
Don't delay my birthday.
The boss really has money in it.
I'll go with you
Boss, just say whether to do my business or not.
How could he not do it?
I've never seen a tricycle crash into money
Let me see. OK.
Bring my brother to see
I heard that there is a fool who wants to buy the French team
I'd like to see it today
What kind of fool doesn't know the ball?
Isn't this Boss Wang?
Which team should I buy today?
Take Boss Wang to buy the ball.
I have won hundreds. Welcome, Boss Wang.
You're welcome.
Yo, this is not the same Tianjiao sister as business.
How did you get along?
Yo girl
That's not it.
Yo, it's my brother
Do you want to buy a ball?
Do you want me to teach you twice?
As long as Sister Tian Diao dances with Master at night
You are the boss of Wanfeng Entrepreneurship
The king tiger known as the tiger fish
Hey, it is a generation of king tigers